Uncle Li, if you dare to persist
Don't blame me for not caring about your brotherhood.
Brother.
You and I have been for a long time.
Moreover, this is the capital.
Not you North Xinjiang
You want to touch me?
We also have to consider whether we have this ability.
So you want to arrest me?
I'm afraid you don't have that kind of ability.
Without the Master's order
Who Dares to Move?
Order of the Dragon Master
Of course there is.
What? How is that possible?
If King Quang Lang could not cross the political circle
Put him in jail immediately.
I'm not leaving
Dragon Ball Hand Pomegranate Again
The king can still decide.
You want to fight?
Bach Loc Nguyen Quan is great bravery.
Sister Ba
I despised you.
Honey, you're so flattering.
As long as you are honest, you can cooperate.
Don't worry about us.
What am I going to do to you?
Why did you share it with me?